test 123.
Capstone Coach 1: hello, can you hear me.
Jim Clark: Yes, sir.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay i'm trying to get everything set up here i'm doing something I haven't done before.
Jim Clark: I did recognize the person with a mustache I guess I sure wish your profile picture.
Fireman, Karen: On i've had many i've had many profiles in my life.
Capstone Coach 1: I found a picture of myself in high school today, yes, my wife, you know what that is.
Capstone Coach 1: But.
Capstone Coach 1: Anyway, i'm glad to see several several of my favorite students fantastic.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, see you, Sir thanks for all the things you uploaded I was able to throw those in and they created a gooey it's sitting here so very cool.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, good that's one of the things we'll be talking about tonight.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see Okay, where is everybody else see what you got going on here okay where's my soon well there it is okay i'm going to.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see i'll share that screen.
Capstone Coach 1: And then it should be able to see everybody else, on the other side here we go yeah and.
Capstone Coach 1: There it is my little menu okay there we go we've got seven people here tonight, so far.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Jim Clark: And the recording button is on yes.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh hang on.
Jim Clark: Well, I see it, but I, but I don't know if that means is real.
Capstone Coach 1: Well that's what we need to double check on that.
Capstone Coach 1: Because that happened before, where is the record button honestly say I got the list of.
Fireman, Karen: says it's recording.
Capstone Coach 1: It does pause recording stop recording.
Capstone Coach 1: So it is who's recording that.
Fireman, Karen: I, you must be it's a little red.on the gym.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, yeah I see that okay so.
Fireman, Karen: As long as you don't do it in probably a work.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah I think what happened is actually open it up the right way tonight.
Fireman, Karen: Oh cool.
Capstone Coach 1: And so I actually use the link on the campus and.
Capstone Coach 1: So I think that probably kicked it off automatically but.
Capstone Coach 1: I do wish it would record on my local machine just for care, just to be careful, you know yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: well.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm definitely sharing so that's that's a good thing.
Capstone Coach 1: Alright, so i'm going to that this is what the ui looks like if you haven't already open to that.
Capstone Coach 1: And we're going to talk about that, but before we get to that let's talk a little bit about the homework assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, here we go, so this is a campus, of course, and let me open that up a little bit.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: If you go down the little link here to week six here.
Capstone Coach 1: you'll see there isn't a silo off you'll see there's an assignment folder and in that assignment folder there's a brief discussion and the assignment, which I talked about a little bit in class, but let me repeat myself here just for a minute.
Capstone Coach 1: In order to do this, you want to get a hold of the homework assignment week three and particular what I would do is take the solution, a distributed after the assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: So I think if you look in the week three assignment builder you'll see a an APP called hw three.
Capstone Coach 1: And solution or something our stock stock prices, I think it is, and if you run it what you see on the top is what you should see.
Capstone Coach 1: So the first thing I would do is download it put it on my machine and run it make sure that I get what I expected to get from week three there no glitches in the in the Code as it currently exists on your machine of course you'll have to have.
Capstone Coach 1: The json file the credentials for alpha advantage in the same folder as the APP itself, because this is accessing the information from alpha vantage, and this does not use any of the Google libraries, but it does need that particular file, for you know accessing the stock prices and such.
Capstone Coach 1: Now what you're going to do in this assignment is you're going to modify this guy and.
Capstone Coach 1: The modifications are relatively straightforward number one you're going to have to pull from alpha vantage not only the stock prices, which is already in the code, but you'll need to pull the narrative for each one for for any given.
Capstone Coach 1: Business company or corporation that's listed on the exchange that's fairly easy to do, but it is a different call, if you look at this Code as it currently exists.
Capstone Coach 1: you'll see that there your your alpha vantage is calling the price information and what you want to do is call the company description now if I open up let's see this is one browser let me go to a different window here and what i'm going to do is go to alpha vantage.
Capstone Coach 1: right there.
Capstone Coach 1: and show you what we're talking about So if you look at API documentation and examples, if you click on this guy from their main web page I believe this is going to show you very clearly currently we're downloading the daily I believe it's the daily adjusted.
Capstone Coach 1: Data let me clip let me, let me catch her that and make sure it should say no, this is not it.
Capstone Coach 1: we're currently pulling the quote endpoint that's it, and the reason I know that it's the quote endpoint is because if you look at the string that's being used here.
Capstone Coach 1: to pull the information it says function is equal to global underscore quote and then you have a symbol information which would be the identifier for the Corporation.
Capstone Coach 1: And when you bring the data back it comes back in and says, of the top this dictionary, this is a dictionary is called global global quote Okay, so if you're curious if you're just kind of maybe a little bit confused about that what you can do is.
Capstone Coach 1: You can run the free DEMO right.
Capstone Coach 1: Where is that guy examples, right here, this is IBM So if you if you clicked on this you'd get the IBM information.
Capstone Coach 1: And all that's going on there is it's calling this web page at this URL and then, if you want the sh Z company i'm not sure who, that is.
Capstone Coach 1: But if you want them that's also free you can you can click click here so we're getting the the APP by default gets the end the quote endpoint, which is the pricing information that's displayed.
Capstone Coach 1: In the top of the APP we're not going to change any of that what we're going to do is add another poll.
Capstone Coach 1: Which is here, it says company overview and if I click on company company overview you'll see that is a different function, instead of quote it the function is called overview okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Not company overview, but just overview and if you click on the one here for IBM you'll see oh quite a bit of information comes back this is one, this is a different organization for the dictionary the previous dictionary had a name which was called quote.
Capstone Coach 1: You know overview or something like that this one has no name it's just one dictionary with a whole bunch of values, you can see, the key value combination.
Capstone Coach 1: The value of the key symbol or give you back IBM, the key asset type will give you back common stock and so forth, and so on.
Capstone Coach 1: This is the part that we want to grab out of this mess, which is the one where the key is called description, and you can see them that this it's about a one paragraph description of the of the company.
Capstone Coach 1: Your will they are more than willing to free to bowl bunch of other stuff but that's all that is expected.
Capstone Coach 1: You can pull the information like Devon and information and things like that, but what we're trying to do here is just pull the description for the company and then in our APP let me go back to that.
Capstone Coach 1: Here we go we're going to replace this, this is actually a text box and when we asked for the graphs what happens is.
Capstone Coach 1: If I click on closing price here, for example, it shows you a graph of the closing price and you might recall what's really going on is reusing matlab plot to develop this graph.
Capstone Coach 1: And then we're taking we're saving it out as a PNG file and then we're sticking it back in the text block right here.
Capstone Coach 1: it's kind of a funky way to do things but that's what's happening.
Capstone Coach 1: What we're going to do in this case is we're going to change this this particular link, which is called adjusted clothes we're going to change that to narrative just just one word narrative.
Capstone Coach 1: And when you click on this instead of getting a graph what you're going to get is the description that you just saw plus the global the Google cloud.
Capstone Coach 1: category and confidence information, we talked about this in class last time there is it with Google cloud language underscore be one.
Capstone Coach 1: With that library, you can get for any particular texts like like this business text.
Capstone Coach 1: you'll get the categories associated with the business and the level of confidence that this Google APP has with that particular designation.
Capstone Coach 1: Now anyone company can have several different categories.
Capstone Coach 1: I think, IBM, for example, has two categories one on computer technology and other one business services, or something like that, and some of these pharmaceuticals will have you know.
Capstone Coach 1: biotech pharmaceutical and then drugs or something of that type couple of categories so it's typically have two or three categories, so what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to.
Capstone Coach 1: make it look guys Nice, by the way, don't just stick the information into the text box.
Capstone Coach 1: What I would do is maybe put the categories at the top, you know, put the category description and then the confidence level to the right.
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe make sure to try to line it up to make it look good and so you'll have two or three or how many ever categories that are associated with this particular company.
Capstone Coach 1: And then underneath that just have the running text that describes what the what the company is so part of the programming challenge here is actually dealing with string information.
Capstone Coach 1: So you're going to create a long string but you're going to stick into this text box, but that string needs to be formatted nicely so.
Capstone Coach 1: For example, you want to use a tab guarantee maybe tap characters which are slot backslash T one tab you might want to use real you will use.
Capstone Coach 1: carriage return line feed which is backslash in where you want to do a break the line or the sentence and go to the next one, so you, you want to use formatting here to make the description look good.
Capstone Coach 1: I think that might be more challenging said some of the other things that you have to do and so.
Capstone Coach 1: that's almost it, I mean you first of all, you need to know you need to figure out by yourself.
Capstone Coach 1: How to get the description information from alpha vantage and I just pointed to where you would you'd want to ask for that overview.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you're going to get back this dictionary and you're going to pull out you got to figure out how to pull out that paragraph and then you're going to have to.
Capstone Coach 1: see that paragraph to Google cloud language to get the category and competence, information and then you have to print that out inside the text blots in that block in a nice organized fashion, so that it looks good.
Capstone Coach 1: The other thing that you would like the last thing that you'd like to do in this assignment is to replace the checkboxes that you see up here.
Capstone Coach 1: that's Okay, the checkboxes Okay, when you only have a few categories that you want to display, but when you have many of them.
Capstone Coach 1: You want to have a pop up, I mean a little listing where you could choose from the list well, the best way to do that, that I know that one that works kind of easy.
Capstone Coach 1: is called the skin box now we're going to look at this gooey in a minute and you'll see their spin boxes all over the gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: And we'll take a look at that code, how do you create a spin box and and where is it coming from one how us and you know that kind of thing it's relatively simple.
Capstone Coach 1: And what i'm going to ask you to do is to expand this list of companies that are here to at least 15 or 20 with a spin box, you could easily have several hundred although getting there is maybe a little bit, I have some ideas on how to organize that but.
If you.
Fireman, Karen: can use to quick question.
Fireman, Karen: yeah you mentioned that the the dictionary that comes back when we get the.
Fireman, Karen: right name the dictionary that comes back you said it doesn't have a name, how do we.
Fireman, Karen: How do we identify it or do you have a recommendation.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, if you look at the if you look at the existing code on homework.
Capstone Coach 1: Three, let me see if I could pull that up.
Capstone Coach 1: Others yeah Okay, this is the right one, let me make sure I don't.
Capstone Coach 1: that's homework three trash.
Fireman, Karen: name.
Fireman, Karen: And i'll say this line.
Capstone Coach 1: it's actually it's holy I made a mistake, I said it was the week three assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: I believe it's the week to assignment and the APP is yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: The code, you will grow you what.
Jim Clark: It is week two is Alice last I rang and it was given me things that that they weren't what you said, but if you get.
Capstone Coach 1: A while my bad i'm sorry my bad.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah i'll change the assignment description to point a week to, but the the the the goal, you want to look at is hw to underscore stock plot that poi.
Capstone Coach 1: And let me, let me just take a guess and see if I can run that and see what it oh yeah there it is so made worked right, so this is what it looks like when you run it.
Capstone Coach 1: straight out and then, if you click on IBM, you should automatically get the price information for IBM showing up here, if you want I graph of the volume or the closing price or the adjusted close you click down here, and both that it produces It shows you the plot in the.
Capstone Coach 1: eye window I Python window and, of course, it shows up in here in the APP now let's take a look at the code is where it what's what's happening what's going on there and get to get to karen's question alright, so if you go.
Fireman, Karen: Down i'm still trying to get i'm still trying to get that new file I.
Fireman, Karen: I had a million other files I don't have the right phone.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh well, let me go over to a campus and see if it gets they were wrong place.
Capstone Coach 1: i've got two browsers open okay let's go to when we go to week two and, if we look at a high hw week to assignment.
Capstone Coach 1: it's not a it's not there, so it would probably then be hiding in week three when I usually talk about it in, week three so here, it is, it says week to assignment Python solution and I believe this is lurking and it's really hw ah.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me see yeah when you download this this comes down as hw to stockpot.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So it's it's.
Capstone Coach 1: Sorry for that it's.
Capstone Coach 1: it's working it's working in week three folder under the.
Capstone Coach 1: guy's name of week to assignment.
Fireman, Karen: yeah I didn't know right there yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: and actually you probably should have it in your Python folder or wherever you're keeping your Python solutions, it should be there.
Capstone Coach 1: And let's go back to the the code itself and let's take a look at the the text plot box, which is in the bottom here, and I believe, if you scroll down, we find the line number on there.
Capstone Coach 1: yep there it is okay no that's not it.
Capstone Coach 1: changed, though.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, where did I put that we put that okay so.
Capstone Coach 1: that's the stuff on the price information that goes in the top left frame and then we come down here.
Capstone Coach 1: And there's the volume information and then there's the.
Capstone Coach 1: check buttons going in.
Capstone Coach 1: And there's the list of stocks to go in the check buttons and then, here we are clearing them out, and when you click on one of those.
Capstone Coach 1: check buttons.
Capstone Coach 1: to sit right here exists graft i'm serious.
Capstone Coach 1: And the buttons.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me make it, let me go up here the buttons that we want to look at are the ones that are labeled i'm not like that.
Capstone Coach 1: um okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Just to close volume closing price price.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh last 100 days.
Capstone Coach 1: It looks like.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: you're going to have to do more work on this and I thought.
Capstone Coach 1: It looks like that bottom that bottom image is a is a yeah it's a label.
Capstone Coach 1: So the bottom image which is column one room nine that thing is actually a label and what we're doing is replacing inside that label.
Capstone Coach 1: And image now, you can see it's initialized to empty so there's nothing in there when you first open it up, but when the the plot is graft and I go down here in the.
Capstone Coach 1: If you click on one of those check button is it says there's the get series, this is the code that actually gets that series you're going to have to one that says get narrative and it's going to be modeled after this instead of using the base URL of time.
Capstone Coach 1: Time series.
Capstone Coach 1: you're going to have one called get narrative.
Capstone Coach 1: And the function, there will be overview, so this this code, I would just do but and then start operating on a to pull out the narrative that you want.
Capstone Coach 1: Call it call us they get narrative or some sort of gets serious and then you have one here called graph time series now this actually takes the time series data that you pull out.
Capstone Coach 1: And at the bottom you'll see what happens, it says the creating a picture of image object and then we're placing that image object inside of the stream.
Capstone Coach 1: Now.
Capstone Coach 1: Instead of doing that what you're going to do is you won't be creating an image object you'll be just creating the string format registering and then you're going to instead of uses image equals, you would have text equals the tck label which at this guy right here is ambidextrous.
Capstone Coach 1: You can put an image inside that label, which is what we're doing here or text another option so.
Capstone Coach 1: um you know if it were me that's what that's the approach that I would use is I would replace get series with get narrative.
Capstone Coach 1: And instead of graph time series display narrative and you can you can kind of model what you want to do there with what's going on in here.
Capstone Coach 1: Except it's going to be a little easier you don't you're not having to deal with an image object no here you're dealing with an image object, so you have to.
Capstone Coach 1: work with this thing called image tk and it's not a big deal, but you have to first of all plot the time series and then save it out and then bring it back in, and you know well, you don't have to bring it back in but.
Capstone Coach 1: You know it's open well actually it's being opened again right in here so you're this this is going to completely change down here and, of course, instead of doing a simple search like here.
Capstone Coach 1: well.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, let me go back up into this little guy here the civil search you probably want to leave alone what what's going on there is it's checking to make sure that the symbol it's being used is actually one of the ones that alpha vantage.
Capstone Coach 1: has in its list of symbols right So if you make a typo or something like if you're if you're typing the central and then this double checks to make sure there was no typo in it.
Capstone Coach 1: But the actual grabbing of the data happens up here, where it says get time series and here we're using a function called time series daily adjusted.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, if I look at.
Capstone Coach 1: The alpha documentation here.
Capstone Coach 1: The alpha vantage this actually comes out of.
Capstone Coach 1: not technically see there is a category called time series right here, and he comes out of daily adjusted.
Capstone Coach 1: And so that's why we're puts pulling daily adjusted from the sock time series now you're going to be pulling company overview or just overview.
Capstone Coach 1: Using using the structure that's described here, or you have function equal to overview oh now what's returned it doesn't really describe it early well here what's return, but if you click on this IBM example, you can see what's returned one unnamed dictionary.
Capstone Coach 1: Basically, so you you you grew grew bring this thing back and then you look for the key or you you, you ask for the information related to the key call description.
Capstone Coach 1: that's kind of the way dictionaries work right so.
Capstone Coach 1: There there, there are a couple of things that you might depending on how comfortable, you are with those kind of things.
Capstone Coach 1: you're you might have to play a little bit with grabbing the you know, instead of grabbing the series you're going to be grabbing an overview and then pulling the.
Capstone Coach 1: district description out of that and then to display it instead of graphing you're going to create the string that's format.
Capstone Coach 1: it'll have carriage return characters in it, it might also have some tab characters backslash tab and who, and there are some other things you can do special symbols and things like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Personally, you know the information that comes back, let me show you what go back to that information, it looks well not this.
Capstone Coach 1: If you go you're also going to have to pull the cloud, you can have categories and those categories they're kind of funky it's it's a long string with back slashes in it so it'll say like business backslash pharmaceuticals backslash.
Capstone Coach 1: Biological Agents or something like that I would replaces backslash is with maybe something more friendly or not computer like a dash or space or something, maybe, maybe even use tab characters I don't know but I try to try to make it look good get creative with that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: um let's see.
Fireman, Karen: Can I ask you a couple of questions with that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, good.
Fireman, Karen: Okay, so um I think I understand you you're saying when you when you pull that function, the with the function equals is the actual dictionary that's what I hear you saying that's great Okay, but when you say you want us to to format this.
Fireman, Karen: isn't isn't each company's thing going to look a little different so.
Oh yeah.
Fireman, Karen: So if it's IBM, they may have one thing.
Fireman, Karen: i'm a little confused how without seeing it with their visual is how we would know how we would want to format be counting the characters or something after.
Capstone Coach 1: that's the coding that's the coding problem.
Fireman, Karen: But that's what i'm asking you is that you're saying i'm counting on 50 characters and and i'll say i'll put it on the line feed or is it.
Capstone Coach 1: kind of what you're getting for some examples on string formatting.
Capstone Coach 1: There is a library in Python called string.
Capstone Coach 1: And are some fun.
Capstone Coach 1: functions in there that allow you to grab sub strings and insert.
Fireman, Karen: substrate oh okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah look for some of those examples in this case, you know as a general approach, what I would do.
Capstone Coach 1: Is I would search for all those backsplashes I would count the number of backslash is there are, and if it's a reasonable number let's say five or less.
Capstone Coach 1: I would replace them with something like a forward dash and maybe some spaces, or something like that, or even a tab character and just tab it out right.
Capstone Coach 1: And then reserve the right hand part of the line of the line on that screen is going to be about 80 characters long.
Capstone Coach 1: So you know back in the day.
Capstone Coach 1: This.
Fireman, Karen: Is days yeah the day when a new your programming in fortran and stuff like that.
Capstone Coach 1: This would not be a regular kind of conversation because everybody was aware back in the day, every line, of course, on the screen has exactly 80 characters.
Capstone Coach 1: And, and so what you would be doing is you would actually be drawing.
Capstone Coach 1: How am I going to format that at character string right and.
Capstone Coach 1: So what I you know you'd be thinking about okay i'm going to 10 characters for the first field and 10 characters so the second you know and so forth, and so on.
Capstone Coach 1: they're looking at these categories, there are approximately five different can each category is described by about approximately five different keywords that an order matters there.
Capstone Coach 1: And they have these backsplashes between them behind the keywords so actually we can eat, we can see this very easily.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, no, we don't I don't have the picture of the Google cloud here, but what happens then is you can you can use the string function of the string library in Python.
Capstone Coach 1: To replace those backsplashes with something else, now that might be a space and might be a tab character, it might be a space, the dash space or whatever.
Capstone Coach 1: But you figure with an 80 characters line, and you have five fields, then, if each field has approximately 10 and let's say 12.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see 13.
Capstone Coach 1: About about 12 characters so a lot of cases for each of the fields that we're talking about, then you and you only want to do is you want to reserve the far right hand side for about.
Capstone Coach 1: Three numbers.
Capstone Coach 1: And those would be a percentage that expresses the probability that this scattered these this category is associated with that company the bigger than number, the stronger that category is associated with the company.
Capstone Coach 1: it's called confidence and then in the Google cloud language jargon.
Capstone Coach 1: The field is called category and then the far Right and the number is called confidence.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so yeah you're gonna you'll need to do some any self education on how do you innovate blade strings old school.
Capstone Coach 1: You know people still have to do this, but it's it really goes back to what we used to do back in the 70s and so forth.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, other questions on the homework.
Fireman, Karen: Three week projects or.
Capstone Coach 1: it's just what.
Fireman, Karen: Is this like a three week homework, it sounds like.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh no, no, no, no, no.
Fireman, Karen: More work.
Capstone Coach 1: To go no, no, no.
Capstone Coach 1: what's different here is the you're going to have to you're going to have to sort of figure this out on your own and get them by now, you should know your way around the documentation.
Capstone Coach 1: In Python and also in tinker.
Capstone Coach 1: The spin box that we're going to talk about here in just a minute i'll give you an example of that so really the only the big challenge is figuring the string thing out and because if you don't know how to do that yeah you it's it's going to be a good thing to learn.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah you're right.
Capstone Coach 1: hey we got two weeks on this all right, so I don't know.
Fireman, Karen: Do we have two weeks Oh, we do it two weeks.
Capstone Coach 1: Two weeks.
Oh.
Fireman, Karen: Yes, thank God, oh.
Fireman, Karen: Wonderful and then can we also have a q&a on Wednesday night or know.
Capstone Coach 1: we'll see.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: To Pittsburgh, whether i'm getting you know I getting my second dose on Tuesday.
Fireman, Karen: know you might feel like awful.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah this will see I doubt it I didn't have any reaction, the first one, but if some of my friends say that Oh, I really feel bad you know bad meeting they had to take a nap right.
David Purkiss: Did they did you get Pfizer i'm under Turner.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, this is moderna so it's a four week, but you know between doses, yes, four weeks.
Capstone Coach 1: So I got advisor and.
David Purkiss: Most of the people on the second shot for Pfizer got sick, so I had.
David Purkiss: Definitely some symptoms but my journal seems to be less so.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay well we'll find out i'll take some notes, give me some feedback.
David Purkiss: I parents took Madonna as well, they just got the shot yesterday.
Capstone Coach 1: How they do it okay.
David Purkiss: yeah they're doing okay so far.
David Purkiss: yeah you know what me.
David Purkiss: It didn't hit me until the second night, though.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah this can be right, usually with the flu shot that's what happens to me is that i'm not a pretty good until the next morning and it's like oh what hit me, you know the arm and.
Capstone Coach 1: This being, but I am so accustomed to that they said that I just like oh heck with it it'll be over i'll be over this and there to you know the body.
Capstone Coach 1: But what's so.
Capstone Coach 1: welcoming to see is apparently the number of cases is going down dramatically.
Fireman, Karen: dramatically yes.
Capstone Coach 1: And I would expect the number of deaths to be going down dramatically as well, but.
Capstone Coach 1: I haven't been watching the news lately, but it, you know it, this is good news, we made, we can you know relax on wearing the mask submit, or at least travel without worried about packing Do I really need to take this trip, you know.
Capstone Coach 1: But in this funny thing is that Mexico they've really geared up and they're quite good now at testing tourists.
Capstone Coach 1: Because they want people to come in and have a good time to spend money I kind of they were just about the time they get it in place we're probably going to do it with the requirements.
Capstone Coach 1: For anybody that has a vaccine.
Capstone Coach 1: So I think that is the case, right now, somebody said that if you have paper that says, I had the vaccine.
Capstone Coach 1: that the customs people will not read as a substitute for where have you been tested in the last 72 hours right I didn't you maybe don't know that, but if you travel outside the country and come back in.
Capstone Coach 1: It doesn't matter whether us or non us, you have to show the customs people that you've been tested within the last 72 hours negative.
Capstone Coach 1: But I think that they were they are accepting the the vaccination is alternative to that or proof that you already had the virus and.
Capstone Coach 1: You maybe you're carrying anybody's or something like that, who knows all I know this is maybe there's some light at the end of the tunnel, here we can get out of this.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, i'm already all my buddies are saying we got to go on a field trip, you know we gotta get we gotta take a road trip so.
Capstone Coach 1: These are all people they you know they just love to travel shop okay.
Capstone Coach 1: let's go away or any other questions on the homework before we get on to the next.
Capstone Coach 1: Class Okay, not for now, maybe next week and we'll see.
Fireman, Karen: you're not teaching us to spin box.
Capstone Coach 1: That one oh i'm.
Capstone Coach 1: I am going to talk about that so.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me pull up it's called Tele basic and this is a download you can download from week six you'll also want to download the zip file So if you go into the week six folder me, let me do that.
Capstone Coach 1: Just to make sure everybody's on aware of this, this is the week six folder and now, if you look at.
Capstone Coach 1: tello tools, right here click on that.
Capstone Coach 1: You should see the this program that i'm going to look at which is called tello basic P, why and then there's a zip file this just got about 10 different graphics on and i'll show you what those graphics small grants by car.
Fireman, Karen: Can I ask you a quick question Sir yeah we have two different environments, as the talent, to the TELCO imports and one has the Google import so which one are we trying to do.
Capstone Coach 1: Your what now.
Fireman, Karen: We have two environments and one.
Fireman, Karen: is full environment and the others the TELCO environment, so we have a drone environment that we did last night, and we have a Google environment they do not have the same imported libraries, so do we need to move all the lights into the Google or the Google into the TELCO or.
Capstone Coach 1: You know, you can keep them separate.
Capstone Coach 1: You can keep them separate and.
Fireman, Karen: Which one, are we going to use now because.
Amanda Pham: we're going to use the Tele one because we're using the TELCO drown.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Fireman, Karen: Is that right, sir.
Capstone Coach 1: Evil right, I mean it's it's kind of.
Capstone Coach 1: To get out of this one to grow, the drone is called trouble.
Fireman, Karen: Right, so we.
Fireman, Karen: chose environments now okay.
Fireman, Karen: Thank you okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, by the way I did some investigating on how to install the libraries, because there were some information there that was confused during the lecture and.
Capstone Coach 1: What I found is it's super simple do you need to open up the environment, like drone or Teller whatever you want to call it.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you go pip install easy tello one word now that's this automatically installs easy fellow and, if you look at the environment.
Capstone Coach 1: Something which i'm going to do right now look at the environment, you should see in the list of packages after you.
Capstone Coach 1: restart the console restart the Colonel you Shan you first pip install these detail and then you restart the kernel and then, if you scroll down the environment list here, you should see right here, easy to Hello version 007.
Capstone Coach 1: It also automatically installs open CV and if you scroll a little bit further down.
Capstone Coach 1: And it uses this this, this is an image library image processing library it's called open CV now and then oh there it is open CV dash Python.
Capstone Coach 1: Now it turns out, there are two different open CV libraries, this is the smaller library, the one that's a little more friendly for Python there's another one called just open CV by itself, these two things don't like each other.
Capstone Coach 1: So you might want to check to make sure before you install the to tell them make sure that you have not installed open CV in that particular environment.
Fireman, Karen: We do an open CV Python like you're having.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah you don't worry about installing either one of these it's going to be automatic with these you tell, but if you have it already installed open CV easy tell them may not like it.
Capstone Coach 1: When you install that library or there may be a conflict there.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so but ordinarily, this is not really an issue or open CV is not automatically installed in your environment, so it should be just pip easy install pip install easy hello, and then restart your kernel check this list of stuff in your environment and you should be good to go.
Fireman, Karen: Thank you yeah.
Now.
Capstone Coach 1: Of course we're talking about this file to tell a basic P, why you must have this zip file unzipped in the same directory as that code.
Capstone Coach 1: When you unzip this file, it has it's going to have a folder called drone underscore IMG the folder name and inside that folder there about 10 small images so it's not a big.
Capstone Coach 1: memory disk user or anything like that okay let's go into the code then and see what this fellow basic looks like.
Capstone Coach 1: In the top of fellow basic there is a line number 26 number 26 check that line doesn't say true or false if it says false, then you can start the gooey and not worry about flying and while fly.
Capstone Coach 1: Is this power on so i'm going to change that from true defaults for now like that, and then i'm going to run it and what you'll see, then, is what the ui looks like.
Capstone Coach 1: Hello oh i've got to kill the other movie first.
Capstone Coach 1: Now let's try this.
Capstone Coach 1: There we go that's what this is what the ui looks like now, if I click on fly or land or anything like that it's nothing's going to happen, because I have that switch that says power false.
Capstone Coach 1: So this, this will not communicate with the drone as long as it says power.
Capstone Coach 1: equals false now, if you want to talk to the drone and flashlight flashlight you're going to say you're going to change that faults to a true which will do it just a minute here now let's talk about what you're seeing here.
Capstone Coach 1: All of these little black boxes are buttons.
Capstone Coach 1: The ones that this, this is the Left button, as you hit this and it takes off the right the little one that says land you hit that and it lands.
Fireman, Karen: near you showing us.
Fireman, Karen: What which button, are you pointing to.
Capstone Coach 1: right here the upper upper left, can you can't see that.
Fireman, Karen: No, I don't know where you want.
Capstone Coach 1: OK.
Fireman, Karen: OK, I see a mouse.
Fireman, Karen: Thank you i'm sorry i'm sorry I got it Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: um it is just too hard to see you in your.
Fireman, Karen: School I got it now something had blocked it I got it.
Fireman, Karen: I got it sorry.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay okay.
Fireman, Karen: But I didn't see where you were pointing where were you playing Sir.
Fireman, Karen: right here okay up and down got it Thank you.
Sorry, I think my.
Capstone Coach 1: So these are actually two two buttons they are not the TT K button that's, this is the tk button.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's one of the big differences between the tinker button, which is TT K and the priests, the more older and more complicated tk button.
Capstone Coach 1: it's only more complicated because it has more options with more options, you can do more things you can do what i'm doing here, which is i'm using an image to represent the button.
Capstone Coach 1: And then i've also changing this the orientation and size of the button, however, if you click on these it's the it does exactly the same thing it launches into a function that basically.
Capstone Coach 1: takes their the drone up or and lance Citroen right now the next next guy that you see right here is an image right there, this is actually a label.
Capstone Coach 1: This is a tk label, I believe, is a tk little and then I just put the image inside there is this is similar to what we did with that stock price image, or you have the graph.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you know basically you you process that graph to resize it and then put it inside the label so he's same sort of thing.
Capstone Coach 1: These are other buttons or four other buttons here, these are the flip buttons so you can actually cause it around to flip flip flip flip right flip to the front or flip to the back there for different flips.
Capstone Coach 1: down here down here you have two circles left and right this arrangement of the circles, is exactly alike, the arrangement that you have on your TELCO APP.
Capstone Coach 1: If you open up the Teller web you'll notice two circles on the bottom and they're there they're supposed to represent joysticks that you can move up down left and right, and this is showing you what those show what the joystick movements actually do.
Capstone Coach 1: This one on the left, for example, the top image here, you see that little icon this is supposed to be up you click on this and the drone goes up.
Capstone Coach 1: You click on the bottom, and it goes down, so this is, this is the up down direction, and then the one on the Left and the Right our rotations rotation counterclockwise on the Left rotation clockwise on the right.
Capstone Coach 1: The numbers in the box are there to indicate how much we're going to go up or down and how much we're going to rotate.
Capstone Coach 1: So on the rotations here, this is a spin box, by the way these little black boxes, with the numbers in them, these are spend boxes.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can make them large you can make them small and you can populate them with whatever options, you want the person to have so in the case of the rotation.
Capstone Coach 1: If I scroll down, you have 6045 3015 and don't have zero because that doesn't make sense but starting at 15 if I scroll up, then I got 3045 6090 degree rotation.
Capstone Coach 1: Then it goes 182 70 and 360 notice that it's not linear at the smaller, there are a group of smaller increments like 15 degrees and 20 degrees.
Capstone Coach 1: But then, after 90 you jumps to 270 and then 360 if you want to do a full rotation that scaling of rotations scales is the same for the Left and the Right, the only thing that's differences one goes clockwise the one on the left is counterclockwise the one on the right is clockwise.
Capstone Coach 1: So in this case the spin box contains degrees of rotation now for the up and down this is centimeters approximately 50 centimeters.
Capstone Coach 1: and which, by the way, is about half a meter, which is about one and a half feet right approximately, but you can read you can make that smaller like, if you want to only go up 20 centimeters just a little bit 20 you can do that.
Capstone Coach 1: It turns out that easy Teller does not allow number less than 20 to 20 years you're just barely just moving it up like a six inches or something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Now you can go up beyond 50 you can go to 100 200 300 400 500 is the maximum distance, which would be.
Capstone Coach 1: Supposedly supposedly about five meters, however.
Capstone Coach 1: If you're going down or something like that you know you may be limited by how much you can go up or down, be careful with the up and down, especially if you're flying in the room, but mine is that if I picked this at 500 is probably going to bounce off the ceiling okay so.
Capstone Coach 1: that's why, when you start this up at defaults at 50, which is about one and a half feet okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Be careful playing with like like I said, make this too big.
Capstone Coach 1: Either way, you could end up bouncing off the floor bouncing off the ceiling actually the floor side you're not likely to bounce off that because there are sensors are done with sensors on the throne these little drums.
Capstone Coach 1: That are looking down and looking at where how far Am I off the ground and and they use that for landing, but if you I think if you said 500 down it's going to land basically but it'll probably do so generally.
Capstone Coach 1: If you say 500 up, it might bounce off the ceiling.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, on the right hand side you have other movements is three dimensional drones so the one on the top is forward and it's not going to change altitude.
Capstone Coach 1: It just going to go forward 50 centimeters and, once again, you can change this to larger or smaller amount forward forward to its defined as the direction the cameras looking so when you're watching this thing you want to be aware of what is forward.
Capstone Coach 1: where's the camera pointed now if you have a little APP you can look at the APP and it'll show you can look at what it's looking at you know you can.
Capstone Coach 1: You can see an image on the APP and it'll that's the image that the cameras seen so you can tell, sometimes from that image which way is it pointed.
Capstone Coach 1: If it's close enough, you can probably make it out and there's always pointed to the left or to the right or what have you.
Capstone Coach 1: But if it's further away and might be difficult to notice that now, one of the nice things about know, one of the things about the term which i'm sure you.
Capstone Coach 1: You, you may have noticed last night there's a flashing light in the front of the drone, which is where the camera is located.
Capstone Coach 1: So the the you'll see a little glass lens and the front of the drone and then right next to it is a flashing the led light.
Capstone Coach 1: That light should be flashing green or it should be green or yellow if it turns red, it means that it's complaining about something.
Capstone Coach 1: And one of the things that it can complain about is low battery you're getting close to 20% or less, and once it crosses that 20% mark, it may just decide to land dependent upon you know.
Capstone Coach 1: How it feels about such I can't figure that out, why does this sometimes because it's a combination of.
Capstone Coach 1: how low the battery is it's also a combination, the temperature.
Capstone Coach 1: Is that it might feel you hot today, or is it cold today and so as it's running the temperature gets up and it.
Capstone Coach 1: It doesn't get up that high you're not going to start a fire or anything with this little guy.
Capstone Coach 1: But it does complain, the computer complaints once the temperature gets too high, the little onboard computer is going to don't want to shut down.
Capstone Coach 1: So there is a temperature thing now at the bottom of this left hand circle you'll see the button the button here that says refresh.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, when you're actually flying if you click this button it'll show you how hot the drone is it'll show you the temperature it'll show you the altitude it'll show you the battery.
Capstone Coach 1: Are we, at 30% of 40% or 2% capacity so all of those statistical vitals on the drone are will display in this bottom red box, if you click on refresh.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, going back to the to the right hand circle, so you have for forward know altitude change backward know altitude change left and right no altitude change so.
Capstone Coach 1: One of the things that's easy to remember, is the right stick i'm not going to go up or down i'm just going to go and some direction left right upper forward or back the problem here is these directions are relative to the front of the drone.
Capstone Coach 1: So, for example, if the drone is looking at you, and you click on the little icon that i'm pointing to which says go left.
Capstone Coach 1: it's actually going to go to your right, because it's turned around looking at you.
Capstone Coach 1: That left is relative to if you were sitting in the driver's seat and you were looking forward with the camera that left is the drones left.
Capstone Coach 1: Or the drones right the drones forward or back so when you're first doing these things that gets a little confusing I crashed more than once they can I was going to go left and it took a right.
Capstone Coach 1: So before you click on the right and the left or any of these on the right, on these in a circle, make sure you know which way is pointed the drone is pointed day back away from you or toward you.
Capstone Coach 1: If it's pointed away from you a Left is a left or right as a right if it's pointing at you these get reversed relative to your position right it's still left on the drone but for you, that looks like a right if it's facing you.
Capstone Coach 1: Now the the the guys on the on this side are pretty harmless except you want to be careful, a little careful about up and down don't get too aggressive there.
Capstone Coach 1: Make sure you know they're wealthy whether there's anything above or below the guy before you go that way.
Capstone Coach 1: Now there are some other boxes that you see in the upper right hand side and these implement some other TELCO commands one of the commands that is available is you can tell a drone to go to a certain location.
Capstone Coach 1: A certain spot and that's the X that's what you see up here, where it says go you click on go and then it's going to take the information from these boxes and go to that location, the last box is how fast you want me to go there, and this can go as fast as 100 or as low as 10.
Capstone Coach 1: creeping along or hurry up and get there 10 this drone doesn't go that fast, I mean, I think the maximum speed around 10 miles an hour or something like that, but if you're in a room or a little tight space, you may want to slow it down I do I usually leave it at 50.
Capstone Coach 1: that's not too fast and then you have X, Y and Z Z is up down, do you want to change altitude up bounce a certain amount, or do you just leave it leave it at whatever you're at.
Capstone Coach 1: Now this is relative to the ground so zero means from where it took off when you're flying this, you may it may be a 10 feet up right.
Capstone Coach 1: So if you have this at zero it's going to drop to some elevation and then move out from there excellent why this would be the distance in front of the drones so which way or with widget but it considers to be a front, and this, why is the left, right orientation.
Capstone Coach 1: So, so if you wanted it to go let's say forward 50 centimeters so it'd be something like that.
Capstone Coach 1: If you leave this zero then it's not going left or right it's just going to go forward and then this altitude, you may want to set that that above zero.
Capstone Coach 1: You know something I don't know what and then you could play with the speed here, but now, if I press go what should happen is it should just go forward.
Capstone Coach 1: At that and stay or justice so altitude, so that it's about 50 centimeters off the ground okay now, if you look at the manuals the manuals for tello and that's in your.
Capstone Coach 1: folder here, if you look at the TELCO manuals and there's one that one for SDK two and one for sta three.
Capstone Coach 1: there's there's a lot of mostly overlap here, and then the commands that you're seeing they work for both drones they work for the sd the EDU drone and also for the.
Capstone Coach 1: Non EDU and the description of those commands is found inside both of these manuals so let me click on SDK here first and you'll see what i'm talking about and so here, there are a list of commands and.
Capstone Coach 1: The take off command is just that you say drone take off and it does that land the lamb So these are all very simple mnemonics up X left X there's one down here says.
Capstone Coach 1: Go X, Y Z speed that's what's being implemented in that upper right hand part of the gooey there, so you can see a little bit of an explanation here for what those commands look like.
Capstone Coach 1: Also, you see some response it on your screen when you're doing this, you should see okay once it's done what you've asked it to do if you see error, then it, it may not have done what you asked for.
Capstone Coach 1: It may have done it, but it has run into a problem either it didn't understand the command or.
Capstone Coach 1: it's getting tired the batteries getting worn down low low battery or temperatures rising up too high.
Capstone Coach 1: So you'll see when you're doing this you'll see this happening on your I Python window on the right hand side.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, at this point, are there any questions.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, what i'd like to do is let's take i'm going to set this up i'm going to turn on.
Capstone Coach 1: The drone here and then i'm actually going to show you what you can expect to see in your in the eye Python window on the right hand side and how this works so i'm going to turn on the drone and and come back in five minutes okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's just take a five minute break Karen will get that all set up.
Fireman, Karen: I don't know if the drone is on when you press the button, it seems like a hard button to press.
Capstone Coach 1: we'll talk about that, when I get back.
Fireman, Karen: Thank you, Sir.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: If I could find out where the icon in.
Capstone Coach 1: No, I guess, Charles is still still out one of the nice things about the cameras, you can sort of tell.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay gems out Okay, here comes Charles all right.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: hey Joe.
Capstone Coach 1: No, no microphone no we're phones.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: hey.
Jim Clark: Sadly, no i've got i've got the year mush and microphones would have been on these microphones in here from so much my ears are hurting.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah I know I know.
Jim Clark: So I actually had a conversation with somebody today and I decided to not work so i'm trying to get adapted maybe not always having the.
Jim Clark: Mickey Mouse ears.
Capstone Coach 1: isn't that something I mean I didn't think about, but your time your time is much longer than mine.
Capstone Coach 1: You know I just do this like tonight.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't have people I chat with the other class things like that so yeah your your time was amazing, I think, but OK.
Capstone Coach 1: let's just talk about this here for a second, can you, you can see, I got a drone with me right here.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah now okay where's the camera oh it's over there, so we're here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
David Purkiss: Professor does it if you could.
David Purkiss: Do you want to not share your screen, so we can see or the camera bigger D needs so both.
Capstone Coach 1: hang on just a second hi.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me try the other camera for the heck of it.
David Purkiss: Oh, I can just minimize the screen now it's fine it's fine.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh yeah.
Fireman, Karen: I think and yeah i'll click on his picture.
Capstone Coach 1: She the my.
Capstone Coach 1: My problem is i've got three cameras as.
David Purkiss: Well, the one you're looking at now is when we're seeing.
Fireman, Karen: yeah we see your straight on.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so here's a okay there we go I got it I got it Okay, so this is a non EDU drone you see the white the white background the white going to make out it's white.
Capstone Coach 1: And of course i'm going to put the battery and so the battery as two parts there's a part with a label on it and part of the non label and a rich right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Take the battery with the label down and you put this into your drone with the label down in the back and the little tab up here stop it, as you press it anyway feel a little click.
Capstone Coach 1: off that's good little click is good that's what it's intended now, if you look on the side.
Capstone Coach 1: And that would be if you're looking at the away from the back of the drone on the right hand side there's a little button it's hard to press I usually have to use the finger now if you press it.
Capstone Coach 1: Then you're going to see us it'll start like blinking lights at the front there it goes and when it finishes this in about five seconds it's going to quick flash yellow.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, see is click flashing yellow that means Okay, I feel Okay, maybe we can do this now go to your your APP right here and change that faults to a true.
Capstone Coach 1: So, because we're going to try to connect here.
Capstone Coach 1: Like that go what the heck.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, remember last night, we had to make sure that our APP was able to connect wi fi to the drone right so at this point that the drone powered on if you on the MAC if you go to your wi fi settings.
Capstone Coach 1: bluetooth.
Capstone Coach 1: I guess it's network and yeah get on my wi fi settings here, you should be connected to a network called Hello.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, on on most computers MAC being the same, I can actually connect to multiple wi fi at the same time.
Capstone Coach 1: they're on different frequencies, but the TELCO has its own frequency and you want to make sure that your wi fi is turned on and that you are connected to the TELCO network now you're not going to see dello here as a network opportunity unless your drone is powered on flashing yellow.
Capstone Coach 1: My career if I turn this off.
Capstone Coach 1: That network is not connected yes.
Fireman, Karen: It is that i'm sure like a PC because, if I if I switch it I may lose my zoom.
Capstone Coach 1: Is a true what.
Fireman, Karen: Is it Okay, if I see the yellow I see it, on there if I switch to that I may lose the zoom.
Capstone Coach 1: connection I don't think so.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay i'm trying to i'm obviously i'm connected to both.
Fireman, Karen: There yeah but you got a MAC.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah but that's not always a good thing.
Capstone Coach 1: Accept problems.
Capstone Coach 1: But you should be able to connect to the drone and to the network simultaneously.
Capstone Coach 1: As anybody verified that on a windows you Okay, and when the sun.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, maybe you're not doing what i'm doing but it's Okay, here we go give it a try so it's important it's flashing yellow and that you're connected to the tello.
Capstone Coach 1: wi fi system, and if you are then just say okay fine there's no password here on this on this telephone network, by the way, and so now makes your power says on.
Capstone Coach 1: like that.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay now what i'm going to do.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay Karen seven trouble or something.
Capstone Coach 1: he's flipping around I don't know okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Good you're you're muted carry.
Charles Swanson: yeah she lost the.
Charles Swanson: yeah.
Karen Fireman: i'm on my phone to watch you, but I hope.
Karen Fireman: on the screen, because it really small um I got back on zoom with the phone but it lost you want the computer.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh wow okay.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah I don't know how that that works on the windows side but it's not a problem here.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm not sure.
Karen Fireman: Well i'm on my phone that's pretty small.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah dead.
Capstone Coach 1: With we're only going to do this for a few seconds, and then I just wanted to show you one important thing that is when you if you're connected to.
Capstone Coach 1: Your drone.
Capstone Coach 1: And when you power up the.
ui that says true.
Capstone Coach 1: First of all, i'm going to make sure i'm going to restart the Colonel so i'm restarting the Colonel make sure it started with a clean slate on the windows side.
Capstone Coach 1: and see it's still flashing yellow now i'm going to turn on the gooey so I click run.
Capstone Coach 1: And you'll notice the gooey does pop up nothing turning nothing happens here, but you see the light changes turns to a green.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't know if you can make that out, but the front light will be flashing green, which means i'm connected to the network and i'm ready to fly.
Capstone Coach 1: So if you don't see that green light when you start up the gooey you need to you need to shut it down and restart the gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, when you shut it down which i'm going to do right now clicking down like that is insufficient, you have to restart the Colonel so once you shut the gooey down always do a restart on the Colonel like that.
Capstone Coach 1: notice that the red light of the green light change or red.
Capstone Coach 1: Which is indicating which is indicated I lost the signal.
Capstone Coach 1: I was happy, but now i'm happy i'm flashing red.
Karen Fireman: ones red.
Karen Fireman: it's red and I I did the reset call it didn't it didn't find it.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, after you reset the colonel, you have to restart the gooey.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, if it connects it'll turn back to green.
Karen Fireman: So do we do power on is true and soft light equals true which which ones, do we make true.
Capstone Coach 1: 26 the only one, you should the only one, you should.
Capstone Coach 1: Change ever is power on.
Karen Fireman: Oh, I changed the wrong one.
Capstone Coach 1: Do not change fly.
Capstone Coach 1: or change power on which is the last one of the three that are in that list there.
Karen Fireman: Okay well that's a big difference like i'm glad it didn't the one.
Karen Fireman: Okay, let me try.
Capstone Coach 1: To see you, by the way, notice the image path of their drone IMG.
Capstone Coach 1: You can lick locate those those those images other places, by changing that path.
Karen Fireman: With which are we talking about now.
Karen Fireman: Line number 2323 23 is self next time.
Karen Fireman: No image path, I see it, image path, I see it.
Karen Fireman: Oh, I don't have there I have it in the main one, so I take that out right, I took that I took the items out of there oh i'm confused.
Capstone Coach 1: don't mess, with the code.
Karen Fireman: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: What do you.
Karen Fireman: Think that's where I put my images, though, but they showed up.
Karen Fireman: Before so maybe they work okay.
Capstone Coach 1: As long as you're showing up in the gooey when you pop it up you're okay.
Karen Fireman: They did Okay, but the thing is not working it's not read it still read.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, read means that you're.
Capstone Coach 1: not connected, which means.
Capstone Coach 1: Right you if you go to your network settings you may not, you know may not be connected to the tunnel.
Karen Fireman: Now it's no longer until oh shoot, it is, it says it says no Internet.
Karen Fireman: No Internet.
Capstone Coach 1: Wait a minute hold on.
Capstone Coach 1: There you'll notice that mine says read Okay, why is it red, because when you turn it on it turns Green, you have 15 seconds to give it a command, otherwise it shuts the utterance right.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, that is, that it's if, as long as it's still connected to the Internet, it will fly.
Capstone Coach 1: With a red setting with a red flash but the red flash is telling you that hey you took longer than 15 seconds to satisfy there's maybe there's something wrong here.
Capstone Coach 1: It could also be telling you that my network setting is not working, however, once you get your network working well.
Capstone Coach 1: I never had a problem with that never it always connects over the network.
Karen Fireman: As anybody else to say my my internets my my wi fi says the name of the TELCO and then underneath that it says no Internet comma open and yet it's on that selection it's on that choice, but it does anybody else have that.
Charles Swanson: Did you fetch okay did after you did that and within 15 seconds, did you start your gooey.
Karen Fireman: Let me do it again Oh, maybe it's still running Oh, thank you, Charles could.
Karen Fireman: No.
Charles Swanson: Longer do is restart your kernel restart.
Charles Swanson: Our drone and then.
Karen Fireman: I have to restart the drone again to.
Charles Swanson: know well for the 15 second timeout.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, does it doesn't receive and this happens when it's flying if it doesn't receive a command within 15 seconds, it may land.
Karen Fireman: Well, it does it's not happy Oh well.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah well it doesn't.
Capstone Coach 1: It flashing red doesn't mean that it's not going to be working it just means that maybe there's an issue okay.
Karen Fireman: yeah but the now the the APP it showed up but there's nothing in it the APP is now like empty before it had all the things that you showed us on the screen, but now it's just an empty box.
Karen Fireman: Only thing I changed was.
Karen Fireman: logging on to the network.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, this APP should never have an empty box I don't know what happened if you even if you have the wrong path here, it should show, something that the frames.
Capstone Coach 1: The Non image areas, so I don't know what's happening here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, you don't want to be changing the Code, the only thing you should change is line 26 power on true or false.
Karen Fireman: Self death, why is false Is that correct soft.
Capstone Coach 1: don't change the code they're all just asked you is self.
Karen Fireman: y equal to false is that.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, yes Okay, because initially it's not like.
Capstone Coach 1: Those are those are parameters that get changed to track where you know what's happening with the drum.
Karen Fireman: Well, keep going I don't know what's wrong with my but something is.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah let's just go ahead and keep going and then after the after the Q amp a you can give this a try okay.
Capstone Coach 1: So yeah and the code line number 26 should be true, you should be connected to the drone should be connected to your wi fi network.
Capstone Coach 1: So you have to get off and zoom Maybe you can try this.
Capstone Coach 1: If you can't do both networks, the same time now, when you set the power on the true, then the up arrow is active, you can take off also, though, you want to look at the I Python window the I Python windows says command response Okay, can you see that.
Capstone Coach 1: On your screen over where i'm pointing on the right hand side of my Python window.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, it's important to get this printed out like this it says drone connected.
Capstone Coach 1: If it says drone connected it's ready to fly, but if you don't see the drone connected signal.
Capstone Coach 1: Then it's not ready to fly.
Capstone Coach 1: And if you don't get the connection here the drone connected signal, really, what I do, and this this does happen sometime basically, for whatever reason, the Internet connection to the drone is not adequate, so I close the APP down and then I restart the Colonel and try again.
Capstone Coach 1: Some say yes restart.
Karen Fireman: Connected oh my God.
Karen Fireman: It worked.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so yeah so then i'm going to run this again so once or restart the colonel, and I have this set to true than I would print go up and it says sending power command.
Capstone Coach 1: And my drone is turned off.
Capstone Coach 1: So it's not going to accept that command and it'll just sit there and it'll finally time out and about 15 seconds see it says unable to connect.
Capstone Coach 1: And I get the blank screen that's probably what happened to you care.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, I get the blank screen here okay that's an indication that maybe your drone is powered off, which is which, which is what I have my my situation here it automatically powers off after after a certain period of time.
Capstone Coach 1: Now i'm going to I have another drone and i'm going to power that on it's a it's on the different camera and i'll show you that here, in just a second, let me.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me first of all club when this happens, you get a blank screen like this, you do need to shut it down and restart the kernel of i'm going to do that and then i'm going to go power on this other drone and turned on the camera, we could see what's going to happen.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay let's see if this is going to work now i'm going to try to switch the video camera.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so you see.
Karen Fireman: The feeling.
Capstone Coach 1: You see, the drone there and the floor.
Karen Fireman: No Oh, I see the pads oh there's the one of the pads.
Capstone Coach 1: it's on the middle pad yeah now the drone, I believe, let me double check and make sure it's turned on.
Capstone Coach 1: yellow.
Karen Fireman: let's try.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna start the APP.
Capstone Coach 1: and
Capstone Coach 1: Oh didn't it's not connecting to the drone for some reason, so when that happens i'm going to have to restart the curl.
Capstone Coach 1: and try again.
Capstone Coach 1: Make sure that the drones.
Capstone Coach 1: flashing yellow okay try to restart again.
Capstone Coach 1: There it is.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah so it pops up and you see it says drone connected we're ready to fly okay yep okay now, so what i'm going to do is i'm going to click fly the left hand upper left hand button.
Capstone Coach 1: Now i'm going to click.
Capstone Coach 1: The button, just to be right.
Karen Fireman: Oh.
Karen Fireman: I worked.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so that's just a simple tests that hey.
Capstone Coach 1: we're we're talking the APP is running you know cetera et cetera you should be able to do that it's a pretty harmless thing now now what i'm going to do is i'm going to i'm going to take it up a bit i'm going to take off again take can take some altitude so.
Capstone Coach 1: i'll forget again.
Capstone Coach 1: Let me just.
Capstone Coach 1: Now i'm going to click the button, which is the one on the bottom left circles, is where it says 15 and i'm going to whoops it yeah I waited too long, I waited too long, so i'm going to click fly again.
Capstone Coach 1: Now i'm going to click the button.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so now we're we're in the screen i'm going to go up now, this time i'm gonna go up about 20 to bring it up to the top of the screen there, you can see that.
Capstone Coach 1: And now we're going to rotate right 90 degrees, but the button on the Right now, I will take left 90 degrees, but the button on the left.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay now i'm going to bring it down just a little bit here, so instead of bringing it down 50 i'm gonna bring it down about 2020 thing i'm going to flip to the right or left to the left here goes good lot.
Capstone Coach 1: Left to the right.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah be careful when you do that flipping thing make sure you've got the room, as you can see it doesn't land in the same spot it flips a little bit one way or another.
Jim Clark: You don't have a whole lot of room to work with their doctor jumps.
Capstone Coach 1: hang on just a second i'm in trouble okay there we are, and I can I can't seem to find the bonkers so.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay now it's back where I wanted to make sure that I had to make sure that it's away from the wall, so you can see it there, so you can use these little up and down Left and Right and rotate this and we think that you know.
Capstone Coach 1: Make sure that you can see, then, how we always finance function.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you have the Left and the Right arrows here, these are the ones that are little weird it's looking at me right now, you should see a flashing light and it's flashing green and now i'm going to click on the fly left arrow.
Capstone Coach 1: And the screen is actually.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay come back yeah the screen is actually reversed so.
Capstone Coach 1: If you're looking at the drone and you hit the Left arrow it actually goes right from where your position is because the drone is turned around so you need to be a little careful with the left and right whoa.
Capstone Coach 1: I waited too long 15 seconds timed out.
Karen Fireman: let's pick a rerun.
Karen Fireman: The battery.
Karen Fireman: You can see the battery you know you're looking at the back.
Capstone Coach 1: that's correct yeah if you don't see the flashing light now, it turns itself off, apparently because I hit the Flash I hit refresh here and.
Capstone Coach 1: What happened.
Karen Fireman: No it's pretty cool.
Capstone Coach 1: The battery still on so i'm not sure, let me see if I hit take off.
Capstone Coach 1: Coming up slowly.
Karen Fireman: Over when it tries to go left and right.
Capstone Coach 1: All right, if you click the refresh button at the bottom notice what happens, it says battery 72% the wi fi signals at 90% it's at 13 1.3 actually 1.3 meters.
Capstone Coach 1: and waiting too long, then you go down doesn't really like me so, by the way, there's a parameter here called Max time.
Capstone Coach 1: Max time of 15 seconds, this is line number 22 in the code that's the default for the TELCO drone it defaults to 15 seconds, but you can make it smaller or longer by changing the number here in line number 22.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can do this dynamically, you could have the code change the amount of delay time.
Capstone Coach 1: at certain force places where we might be doing something, but 15 seconds is the normal for this particular drone and then the temperature down here 64 I they say that Center Center grab but 66 centigrade that's pretty hot.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah when you touch it it feels more like 150 or something like that, so I don't know.
Capstone Coach 1: But this is a general indication of what's happening, when you do land like this you'll see the temperature goes up.
Capstone Coach 1: Because it's not getting that fan cooling that you, you might order otherwise have right and the time is the time of the flight time that's the total time in the air, not the total time turned on but it's just how long has it been was it flying so.
Capstone Coach 1: i'll take it up here.
Capstone Coach 1: again.
Capstone Coach 1: You have to, by the way, when you first take take it up or whatever there watch the response, it takes about five seconds to actually respond Okay, and because you need to wait to get an okay to go further.
Capstone Coach 1: So i'm pulling up now, there we go so and I guess i'll bring it down into view i'll come down about wanting oops.
Capstone Coach 1: wrong button.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, there we go, let me down.
Capstone Coach 1: So let's bring it back about 20.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so it should be looking right after you should see the red lights flashing red, and I think it's flashing red because of the temperature, but let me refresh.
Capstone Coach 1: temperatures back down to 65 i'm not sure why, if I just read maybe it's flashes read when it's flying just to say stay away from me, I got to college or something like that I don't know anyway i'm going to talk about this will go for me just for a moment, first of all let's try.
Karen Fireman: One second Sir.
Karen Fireman: Can you let me in I seem to not be able to get back on the zoom is it something you have to accept me or something.
Capstone Coach 1: I can see the top of your head.
Karen Fireman: Well that's because you're seeing my well I made or you.
Capstone Coach 1: can hear your voice here on zoom.
Karen Fireman: Know i'm one my cell phone, I want to get back on the computer but.
Capstone Coach 1: I Oh yes, computer.
Capstone Coach 1: Your computer yeah I have to do something to let you in.
Karen Fireman: I don't know it says the meeting is scheduled for two for 2021 am I, on the wrong, am I, on the wrong place i'm.
Karen Fireman: confused your office hours.
Capstone Coach 1: It should you there's a link inside of the.
Karen Fireman: campus I know I.
Karen Fireman: Just the one I used to get on originally I don't.
Capstone Coach 1: You should be.
mm hmm.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh.
Capstone Coach 1: that's.
Capstone Coach 1: too long answer, something.
Capstone Coach 1: But.
Capstone Coach 1: OK, I see you we see you.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay don't hear you but we see and they.
Karen Fireman: got it.
yeah okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so we're, this is the basically it now.
Capstone Coach 1: Why just wanted to say, the go thing over here if you press go like this it's nothing's going to happen, because you don't you haven't defined any movement any place, but let me take it off for just and then just try this one oops.
Capstone Coach 1: It you'll notice when I hit up, it says error motor stop it's not flying, in other words so let's take off again.
Capstone Coach 1: And you see the little circle thing in here and finally get the okay on takeoff so now we're going to go up to about 40.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay where's.
Capstone Coach 1: My immediate I need to come down.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, maybe not maybe I need to go out that's a shadow.
Capstone Coach 1: There is OK.
Capstone Coach 1: Now what I wanted to do is take it up.
Capstone Coach 1: A little bit more.
Capstone Coach 1: High so i'm going to try to go change the altitude so i'm gonna make you see equal to let's say 45 and i'm gonna hit the girl.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see what happens okay it's plus 25 so it actually went up so let's it went up 25 centimeters So you can see, is breaking it down it goes to negative 45 I hit go and it should come back in the screen.
Capstone Coach 1: Maybe another 25 okay that's fine.
Capstone Coach 1: Now what i'm going to do is i'm going to go.
Capstone Coach 1: Up 25 and i'm going to go forward 25 so let's see what happens here.
Capstone Coach 1: There, did I use that see it, but it doesn't do one, and then the other it actually goes diagonal so it basically it assumes point 25 centimeters in fraud and 25 centimeters high and flies to that point, it was free.
Capstone Coach 1: And it just said, decided Okay, I had enough of this so if I do the free fresh yeah the battery is still at 42.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, this one, the two buttons that you see on the right, it says mission launch mission in one, and then you can change that to.
Capstone Coach 1: m one m, two and three that each pad has a number, so you can select whatever pad you want to go to, and if you click on launch mission, what happens is it'll try to find that path.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, this only works on the EDU drones where you do have pads that are supplied and also the software so different on the EDU drone.
Capstone Coach 1: When you click that when you when you do this, you want to have the drone flying.
Capstone Coach 1: In proximity to the pad and then, once it's over the pad or near the bad you click launch mission and it'll show it should go find the pad and hover over it now.
Capstone Coach 1: It also uses these xyz settings that you have on the left here.
Capstone Coach 1: And so, theoretically, what you want to do is set the pad over a little bit some other place and then set the settings to go to that bad click on launch mission, and it will then go over and hover over the pad like I found it, I found it right okay right yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's something to play with if you have the two ND EDU version.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, after we get returned from there two weeks, whatever.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm going to have some talk about this a little bit more and we're going to have an assignment that you get to do your own thing here your own version of this, however, you want to do this.
Capstone Coach 1: And, but I wanted to show you before we leave the spin box it's very cool So if you go down in the code let's find a spin box, there are lots of them defined.
Capstone Coach 1: By the way, one of the things you'll see about the button here, since the buttons so let me talk about that's good, this is the button for.
Capstone Coach 1: The drone picture, you know that little picture of the line drawn the original picture, and I think is huge I caught that off the Internet obviously okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And then, what you do is you copy it and you put it into your you downloaded into your into a file this case i'm did I put it into a file called drone pick two dot PNG.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you just say new size i'm going to resize this 280 by 110 now that I get that size by playing around with this to get it to fit just right in that little area.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you're going to put this in a tk label, not a TT K label and why did it is that being done, because the tk label lets you specify both the width and the height for the button.
Capstone Coach 1: The TT K label only lets you mess, with the with the you know the Everything is simpler and the tck world easier to easier to handle easy to do, but you can't get fancy like we're doing here.
Capstone Coach 1: So you have your image and a file and then you use image resize resize drone while you create a drone one image which is just a image of where you know pointing to that that file opening it up and then there's a resize function to resize it to.
Capstone Coach 1: You turn it, you have to turn it back into a photo image to be accepted by the tk level, so this is a general approach you see here, it says image equal self dot drone one image.
Capstone Coach 1: And you can have a command command not not for the image widget but up above it you see the same sort of thing going on for a button those buttons and the only difference between the label is it is, of course, this is a tk button.
Capstone Coach 1: You still have a width and the height, which is the the width and the height that I use for new size resize, but we have a command that says okay execute that function land.
Capstone Coach 1: see that, so this is the tk world instead of the TT K, and the reason you want to maybe use the Tiki K button, instead of the TT K, yes, because you get to adjust the height.
Capstone Coach 1: And this can make your images really you know you can make some really cool buttons right different size buttons using images and stuff like that.
Capstone Coach 1: The other thing that's in here, besides that tk and label and the tk button is let's get a here we go here's the spam box, this is the sandbox for the rotate.
Capstone Coach 1: So this guy is going to well, it gives you the the up and not the rotate i'm sorry notice the text here the label is X.
Capstone Coach 1: front and back mean so it's moving front and back X is moving forward and back forward and back so I have a label here, and this is column one row zero, and then the spin boxes going into column one row one just below the link.
Capstone Coach 1: Now you could you could put it to the right of the label or the left of the label or even on top of the label to spend box, the spend the box always has a tubal.
Capstone Coach 1: of values notice that the parentheses open close parenthesis low close parenthesis, and then inside the tool, you have a list of the values that you want to have be as to have the assume for the spin box.
Capstone Coach 1: You declare what kind of variables, these are, in this case they're integers so it's I n P Var if you have something that is a text to like a list of stock symbols, for example, that list that tubal is not going to be I empty bar is going to be string capital S string bar Var.
Capstone Coach 1: Now what's curious about this is self dot X here is an integer but then it says texts texts to variable equals to self dot X now that's kind of goofy.
Capstone Coach 1: I just told you it's an integer and you want me to call it a text variable okay.
Capstone Coach 1: it's just a label, but that is the label, you always say text variable regardless of what that variable is whether it's text or whether it's integers or whether it's float you can use, there is one called float bar, if you want to do that.
Capstone Coach 1: So you have but it's always going to be that techstars always going to point to the two people.
Capstone Coach 1: That you have.
Capstone Coach 1: And so, this is an interview variable and then notice that it says and values equals, to the temple.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's where that's the connection right there you go, so you have a tubal up front.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you say value is equal to the name of that tool so that's where it pulls the the items that are going to be in the list of so that you can select.
Capstone Coach 1: are important, you can adjust the width and so it's for wine, because the numbers, only three digits maximum of three digits.
Capstone Coach 1: And I wanted to make it the smallest possible now if you're dealing dealing with stock symbols, those are going to be a maximum I think of five characters approx I think that most of them about no more than five characters.
Capstone Coach 1: So maybe you make it a width of six, you know now, you can change the font you can change the font that you use, and you can change, in particular, the size of the font.
Capstone Coach 1: notice here i'm using the area of 20 and that affects how big that the box is going to be in whether it's readable on your screen right.
Capstone Coach 1: So that's that is an aerial pixel 20 font size so that's a pretty large font, but I wanted to make it very visible on the screen I didn't want to make it like 14 and, of course, you can play with that number and make it whatever you want.
Capstone Coach 1: Then you have the foreground color and the background color and you can change that you can justify left right Center.
Capstone Coach 1: You know how the image of the symbols or whatever reporters, for example, stock symbols is prevalent be left justified you're you, you know I would probably make it less, but you might send her my look pretty good too I don't know.
Capstone Coach 1: The button background itself was this just black here so so that's how you do a spin box and then.
David Purkiss: Dr Jones.
David Purkiss: Has excuse me, this is David.
Capstone Coach 1: David David David.
David Purkiss: Are you are you doing where you been.
David Purkiss: i'm blessed can you uh can you show us the.
David Purkiss: The graphic.
David Purkiss: Because i've kind of lost the bubble on on what you're talking about like what what is it describing can you show the graphic now where that spin box.
Capstone Coach 1: Is yeah I can show you and in two places let's see.
Capstone Coach 1: What happened to my.
Capstone Coach 1: it's still here somewhere.
Capstone Coach 1: Hello.
Capstone Coach 1: Know it's.
Jim Clark: A that's a great question I was thinking, the same thing.
Capstone Coach 1: It shut down so i'm gonna have to go up to the consoles and restart the console.
Karen Fireman: Was that when we had the little numbers for you said we could pull down.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah the other end it was a cool down.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Karen Fireman: it's in black, it was a tiny little number next to the arrows up or down.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, so you see these little black boxes, where they will have a number cinema pushing them.
Capstone Coach 1: that's yes your spin boxes.
David Purkiss: Okay, and so that whole graphic is what you were talking about that you had to size correctly.
David Purkiss: So the whole graphic of the of the layout of the of the drone itself in circles right.
Karen Fireman: I mean some little tiny 50 with them.
Capstone Coach 1: But sure I understand your question, David.
David Purkiss: You were talking about adjusting the size of the graphic oh that's a little picture of the drone up there, holding the box that's the two we're talking about right.
David Purkiss: On the upper left the drone holding delivering the box.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah that that was so new resize so that guy.
David Purkiss: Okay.
David Purkiss: got it got it, I thought you meant it was the.
David Purkiss: The bus.
David Purkiss: Well, the whole you got two identical boxes showing the configuration of the drone.
David Purkiss: And direction and everything and.
Capstone Coach 1: Once it or the other left and right of the circle.
David Purkiss: yeah you have to.
David Purkiss: Create that.
Capstone Coach 1: I created the image and then I do a resize on that yes.
David Purkiss: Okay okay.
Capstone Coach 1: This code is pretty long as 500 and some lines right.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah so you know, during the freeze it's like what am I going to do today that's not going to be important.
Capstone Coach 1: So what I did was if you let's see where are those little buttons.
Capstone Coach 1: This is.
Karen Fireman: But can I ask a question about the sandbox.
Capstone Coach 1: Just a second, this is the here's the here's the Left rotate button, you know, the one that says rotate left that's coming out of an image.
Capstone Coach 1: And it's called left rotate PNG and it's being resize to 77 in fact all the buttons on that circle resize to 7070 in order to make sure they look good.
Capstone Coach 1: Because the images are a little bit maybe a little bit different size, so all of the all of the little icons that you see here top bottom left right all of those were resize to 7070.
David Purkiss: So that Okay, and really our Our task is about is primarily the spin boxes.
Capstone Coach 1: that's from this particular set of code, let me go hang on just a second here.
David Purkiss: I got homework task.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah that's where I think we're let me see if I can fly that no I can't i've got to shut the sky down and then I should be able to do that okay there we go, so this guy right here, you want to you want to replace the checkboxes in this right frame with a spin box.
David Purkiss: Okay i'm sorry I got I got the two the two things.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah no I I was, I was.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm sorry.
No that's.
Karen Fireman: Related to that so when you click on your spin box it's not as if the whole series of stuff pops up you're just going from one to the next right you don't see them all, you just see one, at a time like we saw in the numbers, you are clicking through is that right on the spin but.
Capstone Coach 1: I believe that is so now I I haven't played with the hype variable on that spin.
Karen Fireman: box okay.
Karen Fireman: yeah it seemed like.
Capstone Coach 1: You may be able to use.
Capstone Coach 1: sense the spin box is a tk widget instead of TT K, you may be able to use set the height, as well as the width, but I would look at the documentation for spin box, so if you go to you know, Google and you say ticker.
Capstone Coach 1: No, not tinker tk I and II cantor and then you say spin box it knows what you're talking about because there's not one in TT K so here's the if I then you know there's lots of examples.
Capstone Coach 1: that some are good, some are not so good let's see what this first one says it's probably an advertisement right it's not so good so it's showing you.
Capstone Coach 1: All of the the options that you have available here.
Capstone Coach 1: let's see with this course is an option.
Capstone Coach 1: I do not see height as an option so.
Capstone Coach 1: But this is the documentation that that I use to figure this out and.
Capstone Coach 1: You know, one of the things you want to work with is how do I get the value that's currently appointed to buy the spin box I, I think the answer to your question about how do you make this look better bigger taller i'm not sure we can do that.
Karen Fireman: Actually, that does raise the second question, I had, which is how do we know what one of many choices it shows in the sandbox.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, if you look at the TELCO for the spin boxes, and let me find an example of one here, this is that's.
Capstone Coach 1: 3272 30 here here's a here's a spin box, this is the the one having to do with distance.
Capstone Coach 1: You can see the numbers to any 4050, these are the.
Capstone Coach 1: Possible values.
David Purkiss: Choices right.
Capstone Coach 1: Choices yeah this is your typical these are integers, of course, so the values are equal to distance and the width here is only three because I have a maximum three digits for.
Capstone Coach 1: For one of these guys and then you this being put into the column one row two and the initial value is being set right here, so this spirit box is called distance left the is l.
Capstone Coach 1: So mnemonic For me, that means distance left, so this is going left and the default distance is set to 50 so when that you go he starts up It points to 50, otherwise it will point to the first number in that drupal which would be 20.
Capstone Coach 1: So this commands that set puts a value into points this thing is a certain know if you if the person changes to some other value, which is, which is the intention.
Capstone Coach 1: Then you have a get command, you can say D is l dot get and then it will return the integer value that's being pointed to by that so right now, if you click on one of the that button the the Left button, it should be right next to it let's see forward fly left line.
Capstone Coach 1: there's the button there's a download button.
Capstone Coach 1: should be below this let's see.
Capstone Coach 1: let's spend box, where the button so here's the back.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, and here's a better example is that here, I have a button and it's, this is the five backward button button and then this is the spin box for that button, so this is the distance back.
Capstone Coach 1: And it said initially to 50 on the command it says go to this function back and let's see what happens if I find that function go back or by just just called back you see there's one called land, and here it is it says back.
Capstone Coach 1: And so it says go back it says self drone back, which means go back this is the easy total command that says go back and then what you're supposed to send to the command is X, is how much back.
Capstone Coach 1: So you say self dot.
Capstone Coach 1: This be that's a spin box dot yet.
Capstone Coach 1: So that is this pulls out the value that's currently pointed to by the in that spin box.
Karen Fireman: So.
David Purkiss: That.
David Purkiss: helps a lot Thank you so much.
Capstone Coach 1: To the the jargon in the Java world that's called getter and setter as it's very common structure in Java and this tk package came out of that world.
Capstone Coach 1: So it's kind of like that, but anyway there's some cool so I like the system cool stuff in here in the tk part of the tinker to get your system.
Karen Fireman: And if.
Capstone Coach 1: You get you, you get to running this guy doing this kind of thing you're I think you got it.
Karen Fireman: One thing about getting in setting for me.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, getting means I want to get the value that's in the end that's in that object, I want to get that object, so in this case you say self dot the name of the sandbox.
Capstone Coach 1: dot get an open and close parentheses theory because it's the it's the function, the get function says returned to me the value is currently showing in that sandbox.
Capstone Coach 1: The set function basically you say dot set and then inside those parentheses you put a number instead of leaving a blank.
Capstone Coach 1: The get you have no number there the set there's another that number, then, is will get set in the sandbox so the number that's there and the sandbox whatever it is, is going to change to the one that you're setting it to.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, if I were doing this with the good going back to the to the homework thing one of the things you could do is, you could have a you could have a.
Capstone Coach 1: spin box for everything that starts with Alphabetically a to Jay.
Capstone Coach 1: And then you might have one from K to some other some other letter, so you might have four or five or six spin boxes that each one of them devoted to.
Capstone Coach 1: symbols that are Alphabetically in that particular range so that minimizes the issue that reduces it doesn't minimize installation it reduces the issue that Karen visit near you yeah it's me.
Capstone Coach 1: it's some kind of spam Okay, you know you get you get a phone call from someplace in the United States right, and I wish I could just say don't do that but it's probably not the United States is probably Nigeria or some other place it likes to.
Capstone Coach 1: prey on for people.
Capstone Coach 1: People that don't need to be you know somebody somebody said, you know what is gambling about what are the casinos above and he said they explained it very simply said.
Capstone Coach 1: it's about taking money from people that need it and giving it some people that don't.
Capstone Coach 1: that's.
David Purkiss: yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: that's like that's like.
David Purkiss: that's like the lottery.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah exactly exactly now of course I don't die like to gamble actually it's form of entertainment but.
Capstone Coach 1: don't expect to get money.
Capstone Coach 1: you're making a paper that frivolous Okay, so I think that's it for tonight, where we've been here about two hours i've had i've enjoyed, this has been fun.
Capstone Coach 1: to play with.
Capstone Coach 1: Like toys and again the camera and everything and.
David Purkiss: Thank you, I didn't realize that you had written that whole thing I thought that was like a package.
or something.
Capstone Coach 1: Like I said it was cold, you know.
yeah.
David Purkiss: Like I got a another health update from my parents they're still not filling this thing and they got they got they got Pfizer no.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay.
David Purkiss: I was wondering about that.
Capstone Coach 1: My wife got the Pfizer effect, she was in the Pfizer trial, so we when we those of you in Houston the trial was running out of Tom ball, in fact, they ran out of time ball They ran the Pfizer trial and the MoDem Modena trial, so I will we both went there and volunteered for the trial.
Capstone Coach 1: And, much to my surprise, they rejected me, I felt really behind, no, no, so he you're too old we're not going to do you okay well they, what are we doing this for me, what is this trial about.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, you your wife she's Hispanic oh yeah we want her so they took her into the trial and then, which was an experience I had to talk her into I mean she doesn't like needles right should like needles in the arm so anyway, I told her you're doing this regard and country do it.
Capstone Coach 1: Actually, I was she was doing it for me because I figured there was some chance you get the real stuff and therefore I have less of.
Capstone Coach 1: An issue as far as exposure right she's my major exposure risk so so two or three months later, they call her up and said we're done trials over with.
Capstone Coach 1: You we're going to still call you and ask you how you're doing, but we want you to come down and get the dose the real stuff so that she got the Pfizer dose and she founded at the time, much to my surprise, she was on the placebo.
David Purkiss: Oh wow.
Capstone Coach 1: So all this.
Capstone Coach 1: All this time I was running around thinking I yeah I got this one CC is protected she's okay.
So.
Capstone Coach 1: But it's.
Capstone Coach 1: amazing to me by the way, she's very sociable so her that she did wear masks are you just going around you know so, then what she hadn't gotten this shakeups press.
David Purkiss: She got the placebo she just basically got nothing right.
Capstone Coach 1: Exactly just.
David Purkiss: not get not give her a shot exactly.
Jim Clark: Exactly oh.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm very proud of her her share her family attack our family heavily criticized her, by the way, oh my God you're if you're taking this vaccine you don't know what's going to happen side effects, and all this stuff right.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, look.
Capstone Coach 1: By the time you get if you get accepted into a trial they've already tested this thing on several thousand people like 5000 of all sorts, and they will not go to trial if they're having any issues with side effects, the purpose of the trial is to demonstrate.
Capstone Coach 1: Not that it's going to cause side effects or anything like that purpose, the trials, is to look at the effectiveness of the vax yeah.
David Purkiss: efficacy yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: and
David Purkiss: Because I think it's great that she participated, she was being part of the solution, and so the problem.
Capstone Coach 1: Exactly exactly.
David Purkiss: And so I volunteered to they didn't pick me either so.
Capstone Coach 1: Dana what.
David Purkiss: Well, I had had Kobe.
Capstone Coach 1: I think that was though that's another yeah that's.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah because they want, they want to track the they track the build up of antibodies so that she could have drawn go back for a blood draw but every two weeks.
Capstone Coach 1: During the trial, you know, during the first part of it is actually the first week and then this two weeks to see how the antibodies we're building up, but they were not.
Capstone Coach 1: worse.
David Purkiss: Courts yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: So they told her, she had it, though, so she was we were kind of happy about that, but it was alive.
Capstone Coach 1: Anyway, i'm so proud of you Dave that you tried that's cool, but you had you were actually exposed and you're okay.
David Purkiss: It well yeah I mean, I had a positive test.
David Purkiss: I had no symptoms and then I and then after the two week.
David Purkiss: quarantine I got tested again it was negative, so what i've discovered since then is those conditions equal false positives.
David Purkiss: And so I don't know it doesn't make none of it makes a whole lot of sense.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, none of it, none of it makes me have warm and fuzzy.
David Purkiss: it's all very mysterious.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah well it's not mysterious it's it's it's The funny thing about this new personal opinion okay i'm a statistician and over the years i've actually done a lot of this work biopharmaceutical work okay that's one of my careers and initially my my major was biased so.
Capstone Coach 1: The problem with this whole thing is they didn't know what the false positive rate is on these tests.
Capstone Coach 1: They ran out these tests on everybody oh you hit upon it again they had no idea really what the false positives and false negative rates were.
Capstone Coach 1: My suspicion is that the false positive rate was very high very high, because you see so many cases like you'd like you're saying, where.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, you tested positive and then you get the virus two weeks later, three weeks later, like well Oh well, it can it can attack you twice or no it's a false positive on the first one okay.
David Purkiss: yeah I have a friend who's in the.
David Purkiss: Bio medical field, and she does a lot of statistics and you know they why I asked the company, I think we talked about this before, as the company what's the false positive rate and they said it's 98.5% effective.
David Purkiss: Accurate.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, nothing yeah that's good.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah well that's a totally different that's a.
David Purkiss: No yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: that's a terribly different statistic false positive rate means that they tell you, you got it and you don't and the only way they're going to know, that is, if they do a blood test on it.
Capstone Coach 1: So they do the swab test you get a positive and now let's do a blood test to confirm that they didn't do that.
David Purkiss: Then I just don't think there's been enough time for them to know.
Capstone Coach 1: That i'm and also not enough technology didn't know what they're looking for the antibodies right.
Capstone Coach 1: They didn't know what it could be the flu is it or is it the you know, so this isn't not an easy question, and now the the the effectiveness which you're saying like 90% or 95.
Capstone Coach 1: What is that, statistically well statistically what that says is that they expected that say 10% of the people to get co but over over this period of time, and only.
Capstone Coach 1: nine of the 10 got COPA, you know so that's also that's also a flaky statistic because they maybe they didn't get the colon because they weren't exposed.
Capstone Coach 1: So if you have you could have 100% advocacy if the people that you give the test or the vaccine to don't get exposed and that could be people let's say, like me, that are hiding in the House.
David Purkiss: Right.
Capstone Coach 1: As opposed to nurses and others that actually have a pretty high exposure rates so though all of those statistics it's amazing to me our little bit flaky and yet we make policy and make decisions based upon those numbers it's only thing we got right so on the on.
Capstone Coach 1: The defensive, this is that what else is there there's nothing so we try to try to do what we can, but.
Capstone Coach 1: Anyway, it looks like it's it's getting better the situation getting better so happy i'm so happy I got I cranked up my motorcycle I warmed it up the batteries ready.
Capstone Coach 1: Everything is good looking power on so soon as it gets a little warmer i'm going to take a trip right out and see my relatives or somebody or go out to go out to carlsbad Canyon and seal to see if it's still there.
David Purkiss: yeah awesome.
Karen Fireman: I really appreciate your help tonight Thank you so much i'm hitting.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, this pleasure.
David Purkiss: hey Dr Jones, what do you ride.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, I have a I have a nice little Harley, of course.
David Purkiss: What is it.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay who's asking them.
David Purkiss: Is David again.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah it's just it's a CB O limited.
David Purkiss: Oh cvo limited a wet the soft tail or producer.
know.
Capstone Coach 1: The limited his attorney but my wife will not die right without her.
David Purkiss: Okay at it yeah what my wife loves to ride.
Capstone Coach 1: The bike and she amazes me that she is fearless enough to sit behind me.
David Purkiss: awesome.
Capstone Coach 1: But it does get into problems, because now they're looking into just she has Road rage right so here i'm trying to be cool.
Capstone Coach 1: try not to have an accident.
Capstone Coach 1: And she'll be going off in the back of the motorcycle shaking her fist at somebody and I tell her do relax that's just.
Capstone Coach 1: you're going to lose that battle it.
Capstone Coach 1: Is not if you're.
David Purkiss: On a motorcycle you got your gear expose absolutely so I have.
David Purkiss: A streak lied a soft tail and.
David Purkiss: A little yeah I got the three bikes.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah well i've been writing when I, my first motorcycle was a best buy.
huh.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yes scooter.
David Purkiss: I love that the hair fun now yeah.
Jim Clark: That was my bike.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh man, I had, I thought I got to high school, you know we didn't have busing.
David Purkiss: Back then.
So.
Capstone Coach 1: My dad gave me his scooter that he used to get to work and and I love that thing I could have written snow little less women all over the place by top speed 40 miles an hour.
Capstone Coach 1: And then my next one was 150 which I thought was so cool because now, I can actually put my legs over like a motorcycle regular motorcycle.
David Purkiss: And it's amazing that's what I had too.
Capstone Coach 1: Many trees yeah yeah.
David Purkiss: yeah.
David Purkiss: My first bike.
Capstone Coach 1: I see those pictures and videos every once in a while i'm thinking, I need to get one of those.
David Purkiss: That was awesome little bike for a kid.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, actually come to this year I died notice that founded this year has come out with a adventure bike and what it is it's a it's like the Honda.
Capstone Coach 1: that's brilliant that's brilliant because that little bike would do well off road right.
Capstone Coach 1: Absolutely, yes, or if it's faulty or you could pick it up with one hand.
David Purkiss: yeah I wrote it mostly off road and and I get out jump most of the guys with the big bikes because I was so light.
Capstone Coach 1: Take your early on, but.
Capstone Coach 1: Right, you know, so I think as an adventure by they got they got a good market going on there, so instead of going hiking.
Capstone Coach 1: You get on a little Honda 125 which is going to be quiet you're not going to make much and pop up but but, but you know what you'll be getting up to heal and going down and he'll know that and meanwhile the motocross guys you're writing to 50 yamaha's.
Capstone Coach 1: suzuki's 400 they're blasting around making no I so yeah I went through a whole progression of motorcycles, all the way from 150 up to.
Capstone Coach 1: 1000, which was a rocket and I was writing to see one are and I almost killed myself once, and so I got I through with the experience and said, you know what I gotta change this otherwise i'm not going.
Capstone Coach 1: To be live to be 45 or whatever it was at the time.
David Purkiss: And still old man bike right.
Capstone Coach 1: Exactly, so I that's when I left on live with a Harley I found that you can't ride a Harley far too fast.
David Purkiss: You know, I think.
Capstone Coach 1: Normal touring hardy it's going to start to vibrate make a lot of noise, if you get it once you go over 60 miles per hour so.
David Purkiss: So what what years at the other milwaukee a.
Capstone Coach 1: I do have the milwaukee agent so 117.
Capstone Coach 1: And it's a 2009.
David Purkiss: it's fairly new then yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: It is new and you know what the mind the mind oh my God.
Capstone Coach 1: 2200 miles that's it.
Capstone Coach 1: wow I haven't been writing.
David Purkiss: So I wrote the day I wrote yesterday, I wrote last week in the 20 degrees as matter of fact.
Really.
David Purkiss: Not very far but I wrote.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, good for you.
Capstone Coach 1: good for you i'm it's a good excuse to get outside and it's so much fun, especially haven't been locked up, as long as we have it's so much fun to get out and.
Capstone Coach 1: Go go to a restaurant or go to go to some places, you know, a drone that's another 60 you can do stick around the back your motorcycle and.
Capstone Coach 1: go out to go out to some nice place and fly around take pictures.
David Purkiss: I just noticed other people are still on so I don't want to.
Capstone Coach 1: Complete die yeah.
David Purkiss: They have questions i'm sorry.
Capstone Coach 1: No problem.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay well i'm going to say goodnight.
Capstone Coach 1: And yeah we'll have we need to have a class on motorcycles history.
Capstone Coach 1: David, you can blow, you can leave it there.
Capstone Coach 1: Thanks a lot now.
David Purkiss: Night bye.